Liu Badan! If you dare to do this, I will definitely look like you!
You are here too!
You are seeking death on your own!
Do you dare to touch me? Come back! You and I are both the best in the world!
Control the wealth and resources of Tianhai!
There is nothing in it that can be given to you! I can still give it to you if I leave it!
We want you to stay and cooperate with us!
Li Fei is selling this mine!
There you go!
Liu Badan! Do you really think I lack this little money?
I really look down on you!
Because your calculations are wrong!
It seems that the conversation is over!
Take action! You dare to steal sleeves!
Have you forgotten that I have been in the army since I was a child and have never been afraid of being beaten with a stick?
As young as you are, try your best to touch Su Wu
Master, what should I do with these two people? It’s terrible.